underworld where the hot
and when
the first time I'm beginning of doubt
about this trip we may be doing
something you don't know the
ramifications about we haven't
considered the ramifications of finding
huh we want a mission we're gonna find
hard work it's basically Apple hope to
get lucky you know in the books they
tell you if you are just a muggle all
you're gonna see is these ruins of a
castle and as soon as we got there a
bunch of people are like dude this sucks
let's leave Harry Potter has had an
immense impact on my life I wanted to
explain to people why I felt so
passionately about this but not only
that I wanted to do it for everyone else
who felt passionate about this I wanted
to have their stories told we've made up
some so vulnerable to the books that
were willing to make fools of ourselves
in front of a muggle minded world and
talk about these characters like they're
our real friends because they're not we
like our real friends they our our real
threats we all got to spend some time
together taking that taking that trip
imagining it closing closing your eyes
and getting closer to the center of what
made their friendship so special and
what in turn is making ours
Harry Potter brings gifts to this world
and we are the ones who are doing more
than anyone else but that may make me
sound like a fanatic and I make
absolutely no apology this is no longer
just about a book